there are monitors absolutely everywhere
there must be seven or eight of them all
of them good size within about 10 15
meters of us often these trees I'm going
to see if I can show you some of their
tricks using a yummy bit of fish head
the first attribute I want to show you
is their climbing ability okay so that's
our fish in place let's see if our
monitor will follow it up the tree okay
look at that like an all-terrain vehicle
just scampering up the tree in search of
food yes and he's got it
he may be a topknot climber but he lands
like a dropped pudding hahaha
that is or inspiring there he goes again
even at this size he has no problem
holding his bodyweight on a tree using
those big curved talons